{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 December 11, 2017\
\
This morning I was going up on the elevator to my office.  There was this lady with her son in the elevator.  The son looked like skipping school because of his cold and spending the day with his mom at work.\
\
He gave me couple of stares and finally said \'93hi.\'94 I replied, \'93hey buddy.\'94 With a proud voice he said my mom is a CFO, what do you do, Mr.?\
\
I said I am a software developer.  He, with exclamation asked, \'93what is that!?\'94 I said we use variables, strings, functions, \'91if\'92 statements, and Boolean values among other things to create softwares so your mom can do her job better.\
\
He asked me to explain further.\
\
I said variables are like placeholders.  We set a variable to use it throughout the program later. Strings are anything with quotation mark; you can set anything as string: for example, your mom\'92s name and her job title, or your name and your grade and school name.\
\
Functions are a few things put together to give you a result.  Like you do math in your school (2+3+4), you could say that\'92s a function.  In computer world you can ask a computer to calculate or do something for you using function. \
\
With \'91if\'92 statements, we can instruct the computer to give us anything that meet our request (for example, (I asked his name and little boy said \'93Seth\'94) I said we can ask computer to return result (\'91if\'92 Seth\'92s age equal to Shafi\'92s).\
\
Boolean are the statements that returns you true/false.  For example, you can set two conditions, if Seth met Shafi, return \'93true\'94; else, return \'93false.\'94\
\
With amazement Seth looked at his mom and said \'93Mom, I want to be a software developer.\'94  The mom smiled and both exited the elevator.\
}